!Description:
!Mercilessly butchered from https://www.aswangproject.com/handyong-oryol/
!You venture forth from your stronghold in Azeroth to the icy continent of Northrend, accompanied only by your fellow adventurers and your courage. You have tracked Arthas Menethil to his Frozen Throne in the plagued wastelands of Icecrown. Once a brave champion of Lordaeron, Arthas was corrupted by evil and his soul subsumed by the shaman Ner'zhul upon taking the cursed Runeblade, Frostmourne, forming the entity known as the Lich King, threatening all life in Azeroth to become mindless undead slaves of the Burning Legion. The Knights of the Ebon Blade and the Argent Crusade have now formed the Ashen Verdict, and tasked you to destroy the Lich King and end his undead plague upon Azeroth. As you reach the Frozen Throne, the Lich King's seat, you hear a voice in your head. The Lich King whispers "Young heroes, I was once like you. You have come to this place seeking to bring judgement upon the damned. But, be warned. In the end, all that awaits you is death. Only then will you understand, you've been following in my footsteps all along. So come then, you heroes! Come in all your power and glory! For in this final hour, all must serve the one... true... king... Frostmourne HUNGERS....". The battle is joined. 
LONG, LONG AGO, SOMEWHERE IN THE Bicol Region, existed a prosperous and beautiful kingdom called Ibalon. It was renowned for its lush forest, happy inhabitants and mighty ruler, Handyong. All nature adored Handyong. The Mayas chirped about their handsome and wise ruler; while Maribok, the king-frog, croaked day and night of Handyong’s bravery. Tuktok, the mother Kalaw, as she taught her baby horn bills how to peck faster, described to them how Handyong’s muscles glistened under the sun. Even Poringot, the bald rooster, would wiggle his tail to honor Handyong. Bolinao, the chief of small fishes, would lead the school of fish to the farthest nook of the sea telling all the creatures they met how good a fisherman Handyong was.

! Non-Player character. Fields are "name", attack power, heal power, defense power, mana, multi attack power
Hilang;20;1;0;0;8;
